-: Welcome back.
Let's go to our GitHub repository
and implement the demo one related to SSL discovery host.
So we need to go here and we are
in 08 new ELP application load balances
and we are in 0810 right ingress SSL discovery host.
And if you see here as part of step one
we already understood about what we are going to implement.
So we are going to go to this respective ingress manifest
and just comment this certificate ARN related annotation.
So this annotation will be commented
and rest all is going to be as is from our previous section.
And additionally we are also going to
change the DNS names a little bit
so that we don't face any Route 53 caching issues.
So let's go back to our visual studio code here
and go to the section 0810.
And these cube manifests are a copy
of the previous section which is 0809 name based
at OSE routing.
And as usual we have the app
one app to app three deployment
and note port services, no changes in them.
So here you'll have something called
the name of your ingress service is going to
be ingress cert discovery Host demo.
You can see here cert discovery host Ingres.
And now if you come down here, so this certificate ARN
related annotation is commented here.
So earlier it used to be this way
and now we have commented it
and rest all is going to be as is.
But only thing is earlier you have seen default 101.
Now you'll see default 102.
And here also you'll see app 102 and app 202.
So this is to avoid any Route 53 related cache issues
because that demo we implemented just now and deleted them
right the previous demo.
And now immediately we are implementing this demo.
So if you use the same DNS names
sometimes due to route 53 cache issues
you'll not be able to access your application.
So that's the reason we change the naming convention
a little bit.
But as part of this SSL discovery host option, right?
So whatever the host present here it is using some some
domain name.stack simplifi.com and some domain
name.stack simplifi.com.
So it need to automatically associate the star.stack
simplifi.com SSL certificate from certificate manager
to our application load balancer whenever we
deploy this manifest, right?
So this is 04 ALB ingress certificate discovery host.
So let's come here and the next step here is right
So the next step
for us is to go ahead and then deploy these manifest and
then test it.
So we'll come out of 0809
and we'll enter into 0810, right?
So 10 which is ingress SSL discovery host
and we'll say Cube CTL apply hyphen F cube manifest.
And let's wait
for the Kubernetes to deploy these applications
which is app one, app to app three deployment
and note port service and also ingress cert discovery
host related ingress service.
So as usual we can verify, get ports and app one, app two
app three should be running
and we we'll also see the SVC, which is services.
Our three note port services should be created
and we'll also verify the ingress service right
and our ingress service also displayed here.
The important thing for this demo is to verify
you didn't mention any certificate ARN annotation
in your ingress service related Kubernetes manifest.
And what we need to do, so we just need to go
to our easy to hear and go to load balancers
in this cert discovery host English related load balancer.
So we need to go to listeners and you need to
verify the certificate associated with it.
See this is the one right?
For the 443 listener port, you are edit certificate.
So you can see it has successfully associated the star.stack
simplifi.com related certificate.
So which if you want you can go to ACM and also
crosscheck the certificate.
So which clearly states that without mentioning the
certificate ARN related annotation with the SSL discovery
host option by default automatically it can where check
for that certificate present in certificate manager
and associate for our application load balancer
automatically from our ingress service, right?
So now let's come back here.
So we have successfully verified this thing and
if you want you can also verify the log.
So again, the these steps are same as our name
based virtual hosting.
And if you want you can also access our application
and then verify.
So you can see here, so let's wait for all the logs to
display and you can see app 102, app 202
and default 102 DNS records also created.
And if you want we can also do it and this lookup test
and that looks good.
So app 102, it looks good.
And also app 202 and it also looks good.
And if you want you can also access these things
from browser, right?
So I'll close the certificate manager here and you can see
app 102 with app one is accessible and
in the same way we can go here and app 202 should
we should access the app two and it is accessible
and we'll also access that default 102, right?
So this should display that default application
which is kubernetes fundamentals demo.
Now let's come back
and destroy these manifest or delete these manifest.
So this completes the SSL discovery host related things.
So without, without mentioning the certificate ARN
so automatically ingress can automatically discover the
SSL certificate and associated
to the application load balancer using this host value.
Whatever the DNS name associated here
are the host name associated here.
So in our next lecture we are going to learn
about the SSL discovery TLS option.
So I'll see you in the next lecture.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.